Update Java WebSocket post to use CLI for setup (#723)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2019-10-09-java-spring-websocket-tutorial.md

The `JwtDecoder` will parse and decode the token. To verify the signature, it will retrieve and cache the signing key from the issuer.

> Create a `src/main/resources/application.yml` to hold your Okta issuer. This endpoint will be used to validate JWTs. You can delete the `application.properties` file in the same directory after you copy the issuer from it (removing any `\` characters).

Author: ```suggestion
Create a `src/main/resources/application.yml` to hold your Okta issuer. This endpoint will be used to validate JWTs.
```

Add `NexusUI` also to `src/main/resources/static/js`.**NexusUI** is a framework for building web audio instruments, such as dials and sliders, in the browser. In this example, we will create simple circular buttons, each one to play a different loop. [Download NexusUI from GitHub](https://nexus-js.github.io/ui/api/#intro).

> Add an `auth.js` script to handle client authentication with the [Okta Authentication SDK](https://developer.okta.com/code/javascript/okta_auth_sdk/). Use the **Client ID** you copied from the SPA application you created, and also your Okta domain. If the client has not authenticated, it will be redirected to the Okta login page. After login and redirect to "/", the ID token and access token will be parsed from the URL and added to the token manager.

Author: ```suggestion
Add an `auth.js` script to handle client authentication with the [Okta Authentication SDK](https://developer.okta.com/code/javascript/okta_auth_sdk/). Use the **issuer** and **client ID** from the SPA application you created. If the client has not authenticated, it will be redirected to the Okta login page. After login and redirect to "/", the ID token and access token will be parsed from the URL and added to the token manager.
```

> Add an `auth.js` script to handle client authentication with the [Okta Authentication SDK](https://developer.okta.com/code/javascript/okta_auth_sdk/). Use the **Client ID** you copied from the SPA application your created, and also your Okta domain. If the client has not authenticated, it will be redirected to the Okta login page. After login and redirect to "/", the ID token and access token will be parsed from the URL and added to the token manager.

Author: ```suggestion
Add an `auth.js` script to handle client authentication with the [Okta Authentication SDK](https://developer.okta.com/code/javascript/okta_auth_sdk/). Use the **Client ID** you copied from the SPA application you created, and also your Okta domain. If the client has not authenticated, it will be redirected to the Okta login page. After login and redirect to "/", the ID token and access token will be parsed from the URL and added to the token manager.
```
